Update Repo Readme, License, and Composer.json (#71)
passageidentity/passage-php: README.md

![passage-php](https://storage.googleapis.com/passage-docs/github-md-assets/passage-php.png)

> ![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/passageidentity/passage-node)

Author: The packagist badges on shieds.io were erroring out:
![Packagist Version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/passageidentity/passage-php)

I don't know why

Reviewer: I think it's fine to remove. We could add a php badge just cause ✨ 

[![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?&logo=php&logoColor=white)](#)

Reviewer: whoops here it is without formatting - can pull it onto a single line:

[![PHP]

(https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?&logo=php&logoColor=white)]

(#)

![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Built_by_1Password-grey?logo=1password)

## About

[Passage by 1Password](https://1password.com/product/passage) unlocks the passwordless future with a simpler, more secure passkey authentication experience. Passage handles the complexities of the [WebAuthn API](https://blog.1password.com/what-is-webauthn/), and allows you to implement passkeys with ease.

Use [Passkey Flex](https://docs.passage.id/flex) to add passkeys to an existing authentication experience.

Use [Passkey Complete](https://docs.passage.id/complete) as a standalone passwordless auth solution.

Use [Passkey Ready](https://docs.passage.id/passkey-ready) to determine if your users are ready for passkeys.

### In passage-node

> Use passage-node to implement Passkey Complete into your Node.js backend to authenticate requests and manage users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use passage-php to implement Passkey Complete into your PHP backend to authenticate requests and manage users.
```
